Tell me about a time when you had to work closely with someone whose personality was very different from yours.
Give me an example of a time you faced a conflict with a coworker. How did you handle that?
Describe a time when you had to step up and demonstrate leadership skills.
Tell me about a time you made a mistake and wish you’d handled a situation with a colleague differently.
Tell me about a time you needed to get information from someone who wasn’t very responsive. What did you do?
Describe a time when it was especially important to make a good impression on a client. How did you go about doing so?
Give me an example of a time when you didn’t meet a client’s expectation. What happened, and how did you attempt to rectify the situation?
Tell me about a time when you made sure a customer was pleased with your service.
Describe a time when you had to interact with a difficult client or customer. What was the situation, and how did you handle it?
When you’re working with a large number of customers, it’s tricky to deliver excellent service to them all. How do you go about prioritizing your customers’ needs
Tell me about a time you were under a lot of pressure at work or at school. What was going on, and how did you get through it?
Describe a time when your team or company was undergoing some change. How did that impact you, and how did you adapt?
Tell me about settling into your last job. What did you do to learn the ropes?
Give me an example of a time when you had to think on your feet.
Tell me about a time you failed. How did you deal with the situation?
Give me an example of a time you managed numerous responsibilities. How did you handle that?
Describe a long-term project that you kept on track. How did you keep everything moving?
Tell me about a time your responsibilities got a little overwhelming. What did you do?
Tell me about a time you set a goal for yourself. How did you go about ensuring that you would meet your objective?
Tell me about a time an unexpected problem derailed your planning. How did you recover?
Tell me about a time when you had to rely on written communication to get your ideas across.
Give me an example of a time when you were able to successfully persuade someone at work to see things your way.
Describe a time when you were the resident technical expert. What did you do to make sure everyone was able to understand you?
Give me an example of a time when you had to have a difficult conversation with a frustrated client or colleague. How did you handle the situation?
Tell me about a successful presentation you gave and why you think it was a hit.
Tell me about your proudest professional accomplishment.
Describe a time when you saw a problem and took the initiative to correct it.
Tell me about a time when you worked under either extremely close supervision or extremely loose supervision. How did you handle that?
Give me an example of a time you were able to be creative with your work. What was exciting or difficult about it?
Tell me about a time you were dissatisfied in your role. What could have been done to make it better?